in today's video we will be going
through the 1990s science fiction action
film total recall spoilers ahead you
have been warned make sure to give this
video a thumbs up comment on what your
favorite part was and subscribe to our
channel for more this movie follows the
story of earth after it is devastated by
chemical warfare at the end of the 21st
century almost all the planet is left
uninhabitable leaving only two regions
precious livable lands include the
united federation of britain known as
the ufb located on the british isles in
northwestern europe and the colony
covering the australian region ufb is
administered by a chancellor named
kohagen kohagen's only motive is to
cleanse the colony and conquer it for
the people of ufb
most of the laborers and other workforce
are usually brought from the colony
factory workers living in the colony
quickly commute to the ufb each day via
the fall the only possible transport a
gravity elevator through the earth's
core which takes approximately 17
minutes to traverse
in the beginning an unconscious and
injured guy douglas is woken up by a
mysterious girl both of them are trapped
in a facility and confronted by a group
of armed android police force douglas
shoots two of the police and runs away
with the girl both of them arrive in a
place through which they can escape
douglas tells the girl that he loves her
and they both share a kiss one of the
androids fires a gun leaving both
douglas's and the girl's palm injured
then he lets the girl go but he is shot
by an electric rope fired by one of the
policemen douglas is captured but the
girl escapes through the water canal
just beneath she unwillingly dives into
the water after douglas insists douglas
then assures the girl that he will find
her suddenly douglas wakes up in his bed
it seems that the incident is just a
recurring nightmare that has been
bothering him frequently after a while
lori douglas's wife also wakes up and
asks douglas if it's the same dream
douglas tells lori about it but hides
the fact that there was a girl in the
dream lori's phone suddenly beeps with a
notification she sees the phone and
tells douglas that it's an emergency a
bombing has occurred in a passenger
glide train killing more than 144 people
laurie is a government agent so she
leaves immediately telling douglas that
she has to respond to the event after
laurie leaves douglas watches the news
about the bombing the bombing was
devised by a resistance group led by
matthias which the ufb views as a
terrorist movement matthias the
resistance leader seeks to improve the
living condition in the colony and
claims that the fall enslaves the
citizens of the colony douglas also
learns that the man behind the bombing
is carl hauser a former intelligence
officer turned traitor considered
matthias's right-hand man douglas after
realizing that it's time for work leaves
the apartment when douglas is on his way
to the fall he sees an advertisement for
an artificial memory in planning program
called the recall recall is a modern
program that allows users to install
their fantasy and their brain as a real
memory douglas curiously looks at the
large ad screen and continues his way to
his work as douglas arrives at the fall
he sees police arresting a person from
the resistance harry douglas's best
friend from his work arrives and greets
him as they join other people in their
journey to the ufb as they board the
fall douglas shares his disappointment
about the same monotonous routine that
they've had for years douglas also
mentions recall to harry but harry
claims that recall ruins the user's mind
permanently meanwhile chancellor cahagan
announces an increase in the manufacture
of robotic police on the news due to the
growing terrorist movement since all the
traveling workers are associated with
the production everyone including
douglas and harry must work overtime
after some time douglas and all the
passengers reach the ufb passing through
the earth's core
later in the factory douglas is assigned
the responsibility to train a new guy
named marek during the conversation
marek reveals his experience of recall
as he overheard douglas and harry
talking about recall a while ago he
claims everything harry said was wrong
marek hands out a business card to
douglas telling him to find a guy named
mac marek also says that mack is the guy
who can answer all his doubts douglas
takes the card and keeps it with him
after having a hectic work day douglas
goes to his apartment where he is
troubled by the same dream with the
mysterious girl douglas wakes up to find
that his wife is back home after her
duty and asleep douglas then goes out
and meets his friend harry in a bar in
the bar douglas shares the same thing
the issue with the routine they're
following and again talks about the
recall but this time harry is drunk and
yells at douglas to go back home and
forget about the recall douglas nods and
lets harry go while he heads out in
search of recall douglas eventually
finds the place and meets mack the guy
he was referred to by his new friend
marek mack briefs douglas about the
benefits of the recall and lets him
choose different memories that can be
written into douglas's brain douglas
opts for the spy program which he
relates to his recurring nightmare mack
warns douglas that only fantasies can be
installed in a brain he also tells
douglas that the fantasy should not in
any way be a reality as being real can
harm douglas permanently douglas agrees
and sits for the procedure an emblem of
recall is stamped onto his arm and just
as the fantasy is being loaded by
technician mag they discover that
douglas already has real memories of
being a spy mac is furious and denies
continuing as the program cannot be
uploaded and yells at douglas asking who
he works for at the same time suddenly a
group of federal police burst in and
kill all the recall staff the police
then try to arrest douglas but douglas
instinctively knocks all of them down
successfully douglas is surprised by his
ability douglas succeeds in getting away
from the mess by detonating grenades
from the police he knocked out after
fleeing the scene douglas reaches his
home meets his wife lori and tells her
everything about the incident laurie
pretends to be shocked after hearing
douglas's story and hugs him
but lori deceptively tries to choke
douglas to death douglas and lori then
fight against each other lori confesses
to douglas that she was hired by kahagen
to keep an eye on douglas and that she
is not his real wife after realizing
that they've not been married for seven
years and that lori is trying to kill
him douglas now also knows that kahagen
is behind all of this trying to hide
douglas from the resistance
douglas again successfully escapes while
lori informs her squad about the
situation pursued by lori human and
android police douglas gets a call
through a high-tech phone hidden beneath
his palm he accepts the call the caller
is hammond who claims to have worked
with douglas in federal intel together
hammond also reveals douglas's real name
is henry hammond then instructs douglas
to get the key and get rid of the mobile
device as he is being tracked through it
right after the call douglas gets a
message with a bank name and box number
then he removes the phone from his palm
by cutting his skin with broken glass
douglas then disguises himself with a
hoodie laurie gets a call from the
chancellor who reveals the truth about
douglas and orders her not to use lethal
force because douglas is important
instead laurie after hanging up the call
instructs her subordinates to kill
douglas if he is seen as a potential
threat to the group douglas reaches the
bank and finds the box inside it he
finds his and two other passports which
include hammonds as well douglas also
finds a video recorded by him in the
past which reveals he was captured and
planted with fake memories douglas from
the video also tells present-day douglas
to find the key from his apartment now
douglas heads to the ufb disguised as
another person but is caught on entry he
is luckily saved by the girl from his
dream molina melina and douglas try to
flee but are pursued by lori and her
team eventually they succeed in getting
rid of lori and the company during the
escape molina is knocked out due to a
high-speed crash so douglas carries her
to the apartment at the apartment
douglas finds another recording reveal
that he is carl houser an agent working
for ufb chancellor kohagen to infiltrate
the resistance later turned rebel hauser
now knows kahagen's true intention
behind tripling the production of
synthetics he also learns about the kill
code stored in his brain which can
deactivate all the androids that kahagan
controls hauser has to deliver the code
to matthias to prevent kohagen's plan
meanwhile molina wakes up and explains
to houser more about his true identity
and shows him how they had an identical
mark in the palm douglas used to think
that it was due to the accident in the
factory but was actually from the
gunshot that he often saw in his dreams
soon harry arrives in the apartment with
lori and a fleet of android force here
harry tried to persuade hauser to
believe that all of this was due to the
recall failure harry also tries to
convince hauser that he is douglas in
real life and has to kill molina as she
is the epicenter of all the nightmares
he has been having instead hauser shoots
harry and runs away with molina lori
again pursues hauser and molina all of
them fight in an elevator for a while
lori unexpectedly plants an explosive in
the elevator to finish off hauser and
molina at once after activating the bomb
lori jumps out of the elevator leaving
hauser and molina inside the two get out
of the elevator safely following this
hauser and molina head out to meet
matthias on the way he is greeted by
other fellow resistance members who seem
to be pleased to know that hauser is
back matthias explains to hauser about
the real intention of the resistance and
assures him of his identity mathias and
hauser agreed to retrieve the code from
the black box containing the kill code
from hauser's brain they start the
extraction procedure by searching
hauser's brain but notice that the code
is encrypted suddenly kohagen interrupts
the process as he storms the facility
along with lori matthias is killed
during the conflict and molina is
captured by lori hauzer is also
forcefully captured and prepared by
kahagen's men for another memory
alteration process
as the officers are about to inject
hauser with a memory wiping serum a
mysterious guy from the police squad
helps hauser to escape the guy is none
other than hammond whom he had contacted
previously hammond is killed in the
shooting and hauser leaves the site and
heads to rescue molina kahagen initiates
his plan to invade the colony by
boarding all the synthetic into the fall
to be commuted just in time hauser
successfully gets into the elevator and
rescues molina where they kiss they
plant explosives in the elevator but
hauser is momentarily confronted by
kahogen once again just as kahagan is
about to shoot hauser molina appears in
a fighter plane and opens fire on all
the enemies and saves hauser again the
explosive detonates right on time
causing the elevator to collapse taking
all the synthetic troops with it now the
only transport that connects the ufb and
the colony is entirely destroyed hauser
stabs qahagan and finally kills him but
is injured by the explosion's impact
later an unconscious houser wakes up and
finds himself at the medical facility
with melina by his side as molina
accompanies him hauser doubts her
appearance and asks about the identical
scar they share in the palm but it turns
out she is laurie who has used a
holographic device to change her
identity and disguise herself as molina
to lure hauser hauser after knowing the
truth once again fights with lori
following this hauser shoots lori
finally killing her after that he goes
looking for molina and meets her in the
news the colony is declared to be
independent of the united federation of
britain thanks for watching make sure to
like the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel to see more of
these movie summaries